add general deployment documentation (#686)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/how-tos/providers/aws.mdx

```

:::note[Cloudflare DNS]

> To use `aws-config-with-dns.yaml`, [generate a Cloudflare API token](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens) with `Zone:DNS:Edit` permission on the zone in `dns.cloudflare.zone_name`. See [DNS](/docs/how-tos/deploy#dns) in the deploy lifecycle guide for how to add it to `.env`.

Reviewer: The required permission here is incomplete: nic needs `Zone:Read` in addition to `DNS:Edit`. The [`.env.example`](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari-infrastructure-core/blob/main/.env.example) states `Required permissions: Zone:Read, DNS:Edit`.

Could we list both?

```suggestion
To use `aws-config-with-dns.yaml`, [generate a Cloudflare API token](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens) with `Zone:Read` and `DNS:Edit` permissions on the zone in `dns.cloudflare.zone_name`. See [DNS](/docs/how-tos/deploy#dns) in the deploy lifecycle guide for how to add it to `.env`.
```
